There is no assessment and hospitalization for this selection banquet
All the registration materials have gone up
The national security team has personally selected
Candidates who can enter the Kunlun lineage
There are only two places for this selection banquet
Please wait for 2 minutes
I haven't touched the iron sword single book I took the initiative to give you yet.
Once delivered, it will be announced immediately.
Sir, who do you think is so obvious?
My Lei family has entered the Kunlun lineage
Naturally I have one of the spots
But the other quota is naturally Miss Hu's person
I did a good analysis
I can't think of anyone but you who has this qualification
This sudden extra talent selection banquet
What if it's just for you?
After all, Miss Hu
You don't have a clear identity in the Kunlun lineage yet
Forestry heard it, let's go
This selection banquet has nothing to do with you
If I leave
This selection banquet can't even start
How could it be with us?
Enough. Haven't you figured it out yet?
You don't understand anymore.
Let me give you a piece of advice.
It's still too late to leave Jiangcheng and go abroad
There is no place for you in the country anymore
I let you die, why didn't you die?
What do I want?
What does this say?
Here we go again.
Obviously who are you talking about?
Now you've heard it all
Only two daughters
And people have already fallen into Hugan's temper
Not information other than being smart is not
Obviously you thought it had been predetermined
Don't worry, there aren't any of them tonight.
You know